##Testing random configs

BGP configurations are tested by running create\_expect.py on configuration files (in /configs), which creates expect script to systematically add/remove commands from the config. Logs of expect script are stored under /logs. Generated configurated stored under /generated_configs. 

Run `start_tests.sh` to start tests.

bgp_configs_list - contains list of bgp configs from /tests/topotests in the FRR directory.
Those configs were downloaded and put in /configs, using `wget -i bgp_configs_list`

Takes about 3.45 minutes to run 6 configs:
1. Setting up routers ~ 173s
2. Getting container info ~ 0s
3. Making/Running tests ~ 19s
4. Copying file ~ 5s

##Making all possible commands from command template

Possible configuration commands can be generated by passing a template config command to make_command.py/ 
For example:
`python make_command.py "access-list WORD$name [seq (1-4294967295)$seq] <deny|permit>$action <A.B.C.D/M$prefix [exact-match$exact]|any>"`

This will generate and print the possible commands. 

##Notes
Possible commands at any level of configuration can be viewed in the vtysh by using `list`.

The following commands seem to throw an error by closing the bgp daemon. 
* no neighbour TEST remote-as internal (conf 0)
* no neighbor r2g remote-as external (conf 8)
* no neighbor r2g remote-as external (conf 9) (other versions of the command work (eg the ones with numbers in 17))
* no neighbor r2g remote-as external (conf 43, 45) 

##TODO
> Edit make_command.py to add numbers for IP addresses and such in the templates. 
> Dump all config outputs in create_expect.py
> Write script to take in all possible commands from `list` in vtysh and get all possible configurations for each command using make_command.py




